adds SWIYU Demo announcement article (#1)
eid-privacy/eid-privacy.github.io: _posts/2025-05-23-swiyu-demo-announcement.markdown

---
layout: post
title:  "Open Source SWIYU Demo application"
date:   2025-05-23 08:30:00 +0200

> categories: wp1,wp2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
categories: WP1, WP2
```

Author: Fixed! but note this: https://github.com/eid-privacy/eid-privacy.github.io/blob/main/_posts/2025-05-07-welcome.markdown?plain=1#L5

---

We are excited to announce the launch of a new open source repository featuring a proof-of-concept web application for the SWIYU infrastructure.

At this stage, the application fully supports the issuer workflow. The verifier workflow and an advanced scenario—where a user's identity is verified before issuing a credential—are currently in development and will be added soon.

> This project is primarily targeted at our Work Package II, while also contributing to the objectives of Work Package I.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is primarily targeted at our WP2 (Libraries), while also contributing to the objectives of WP1 (Algorithms).
```

Author: Fixed
